Add Task Queue Priority and Fairness sample (#466)
temporalio/samples-go: task-queue-priority-fairness/README.md

# Task Queue Priority and Fairness

This sample demonstrates Temporal Task Queue Priority and Fairness for Activity Tasks using a multi-tenant media rendering workload.

A SaaS rendering platform receives urgent previews, normal renders, and background archive jobs from multiple tenants into one shared Activity Task Queue. The sample intentionally creates backlog so dispatch order is visible:

- `PriorityKey` chooses which priority level is dispatched first. Lower values run first, so urgent preview jobs use `PriorityKey=1`, normal render jobs use `PriorityKey=3`, and background archive jobs use `PriorityKey=5`.
- `FairnessKey` groups work by tenant within a priority level. Every Activity Task in this sample uses its tenant ID as a non-empty fairness key.
- `FairnessWeight` gives `premium-media` a larger proportional share while it has backlog. The premium tenant uses `FairnessWeight=3.0`; regular tenants use `FairnessWeight=1.0`.

> Priority determines which priority sub-queue Tasks go into. Fairness determines ordering within a given priority level. Fairness ordering is probabilistic and observational, so the exact order can vary between runs.

Author: I think I need to change up this wording as it is misleading
```suggestion
Priority determines which priority sub-queue Tasks go into. Within a priority level, Fairness selects among fairness-key virtual queues using weighted, probabilistic dispatch. Tasks with the same fairness key are still dispatched FIFO, but the interleaving between different fairness keys is not a deterministic row-by-row sequence and can vary between runs.
```

  - `large-studio`: 18 jobs
  - `small-studio-a`: 3 jobs
  - `small-studio-b`: 3 jobs
  - `premium-media`: 9 jobs
- Background archive (`PriorityKey=5`)
  - `large-studio`: 4 jobs

Total jobs: `41` (`4 urgent + 33 normal + 4 background`)

`BuildJobs()` scheduling order:

1. `large-studio` normal jobs
2. `small-studio-a` normal jobs
3. `small-studio-b` normal jobs
4. `premium-media` normal jobs
5. `large-studio` background jobs
6. Urgent jobs last

Urgent jobs are intentionally enqueued last so the sample can show that
dispatching follows `PriorityKey` (with backlog), not submission order.

## Expected ordering at runtime

In the backlog sample flow (workflow worker first, then starter, then activity
worker), expected behavior is:

1. Priority across levels:
all urgent (`priority=1`) jobs should appear before queued normal
(`priority=3`) and background (`priority=5`) jobs.
2. Fairness within normal priority:
small-tenant fairness keys should appear before `large-studio` drains all of
its normal backlog.
3. Weighted fairness within normal priority:
`premium-media` should appear repeatedly near the front of normal-priority
dispatch while it still has backlog.

> Fairness is probabilistic, so exact row-by-row ordering can vary between runs.

Author: This one as well.

```suggestion
Fairness uses weighted, probabilistic dispatch across fairness keys, so this sample validates expected weighted/proportional patterns rather than an exact row-by-row sequence.
```
